he's been on his back like this many
times before let me tell you that this
usually does the fucking trick what do
you think huh well it looks like we need
some more
well the parties began to come out I had
changed my fucking clothes it's a chance
I was wearing fucking with my balls
Inga's young here okay drunk already bit
Dutch beer here breaking music maestro
okay are you guys doing man let me see
all my friends out there what's up all
right
that is my best friend and I walk but I
know I know he's been a bit macabre now
if I can ask you guys to please please
please please support us and support him
while we set up free fucking rehab
against life battle fucking try the
alien December
oh the time
I stopped doing dough
I started drinking again
I got divorce my wife
basically spun around
so you know
I'm going to take care of
myself can you hear me out there
amen
don't be squirting water at me I'm gonna
fuck your girlfriend
I want to take this time to say that
this is real whiskey here the only
people who put iced tea in Jack Daniels
bottles is the class
savory slaw
we have fucking beer
understanding like assimilate let's go
back to it now on the best somebody fix
I'm shocked
rabbit right summer for my past 15
minutes right supposed to pause that
shit oh yeah you suffer for the past 15
minutes you get a chip of something your
kids but these two bears to nicodemus
job but I did not put the subset on it
isleta made here you guys because I'm a
Good Samaritan a good American I want to
respect Australia and drug laws and I
want you to just give back and giving
rule what I gave to me right his dad